# Nghia-Truong
My program is an application to help owners manage employees and calculate profitability for employees and shops. Besides, for privacy, I set up the account function for the manager to log in. The program works in a certain sequence, including login, checking account, then a user interface that allows owners to choose from many different options. In the employee section, the employer can enter new employee information, export the entire employee screen in the nail salon, edit the employee's information if there is any change, and delete the employee if they no longer work. half. In adding new employees, I focus on basic employee information such as Name, SSN, Date of Birth. All are suggested with a certain format. There are 2 types of staff: Nail Technician and Manager. Both have different ways of calculating wages. In the payroll section, there are 2 options: adding the employee's salary through ID and by date. For the Nail Technician, the owner needs to enter every receipt that person made that day and tips. For Manager, the owner only needs to enter the number of working hours in a day. In fact, nail salon managers do not have overtime. The second option is to calculate salaries for employees and for the salon. Specifically, employers need to enter start and end dates to summarize the amount payable for each employee, from which the salon's income amount (profit or loss can be calculated). Finally, the program will store the personal information of employees, log and salary information in 3 different .txt files.
